Add experimental `next/future/image` component (#37927)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/future/image.md

### loader

A custom function used to resolve image URLs.

A `loader` is a function returning a URL string for the image, given the following parameters:

- [`src`](#src)
- [`width`](#width)
- [`quality`](#quality)

Here is an example of using a custom loader:

```js
import Image from 'next/future/image'

const myLoader = ({ src, width, quality }) => {
  return `https://example.com/${src}?w=${width}&q=${quality || 75}`
}

const MyImage = (props) => {
  return (
    <Image
      loader={myLoader}
      src="me.png"
      alt="Picture of the author"
      width={500}
      height={500}
    />
  )
}
```

### sizes

A string that provides information about how wide the image will be at different breakpoints.

It's important to assign `sizes` for responsive images that takes up less than the full viewport width. For example, when the parent element will constrain the image to always be less than half the viewport width, use `sizes="50vw"`. Without `sizes`, the image will be sent at twice the necessary resolution, decreasing performance.

[Learn more](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/img#attr-sizes).

### quality

> The quality of the optimized image, an integer between `1` and `100` where `100` is the best quality. Defaults to `75`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The quality of the optimized image, an integer between `1` and `100` where `100` is the best quality but highest file size. Defaults to `75`.
```

When `empty`, there will be no placeholder while the image is loading, only empty space.

Try it out:

- [Demo the `blur` placeholder](https://image-component.nextjs.gallery/placeholder)
- [Demo the shimmer effect with `blurDataURL` prop](https://image-component.nextjs.gallery/shimmer)
- [Demo the color effect with `blurDataURL` prop](https://image-component.nextjs.gallery/color)

## Advanced Props

In some cases, you may need more advanced usage. The `<Image />` component optionally accepts the following advanced properties.

### style

Allows [passing CSS styles](https://reactjs.org/docs/dom-elements.html#style) to the underlying image element.

Also keep in mind that the required `width` and `height` props can interact with your styling. If you use styling to modify an image's `width`, you must set the `height="auto"` style as well, or your image will be distorted.

### onLoadingComplete

A callback function that is invoked once the image is completely loaded and the [placeholder](#placeholder) has been removed.

> The `onLoadingComplete` function accepts one parameter, an object with the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `onLoadingComplete` function will be called with one parameter, an object with the following properties:
```

> image to load with `eager` will normally **hurt performance**.
>
> We recommend using the [`priority`](#priority) property instead, which
> properly loads the image eagerly for nearly all use cases.

The loading behavior of the image. Defaults to `lazy`.

When `lazy`, defer loading the image until it reaches a calculated distance from
the viewport.

When `eager`, load the image immediately.

[Learn more](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/img#attr-loading)

### blurDataURL

A [Data URL](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/Data_URIs) to
be used as a placeholder image before the `src` image successfully loads. Only takes effect when combined
with [`placeholder="blur"`](#placeholder).

Must be a base64-encoded image. It will be enlarged and blurred, so a very small image (10px or
less) is recommended. Including larger images as placeholders may harm your application performance.

Try it out:

- [Demo the default `blurDataURL` prop](https://image-component.nextjs.gallery/placeholder)
- [Demo the shimmer effect with `blurDataURL` prop](https://image-component.nextjs.gallery/shimmer)

> - [Demo the color effect with `blurDataURL` prop](https://image-component.nextjs.gallery/color)

Reviewer: These links are shown twice should we only list them once and re-link to that spot in the doc?

```js
module.exports = {
  experimental: {
    images: {
      unoptimized: true,
    },
  },
}
```

## Other Props

Other properties on the `<Image />` component will be passed to the underlying
`img` element with the exception of the following:

- `srcSet`. Use
  [Device Sizes](#device-sizes)
  instead.
- `ref`. Use [`onLoadingComplete`](#onloadingcomplete) instead.
- `decoding`. It is always `"async"`.

## Configuration Options

### Remote Patterns

> Note: The `remotePatterns` configuration is currently **experimental** and subject to change. Please use [`domains`](#domains) for production use cases.

To protect your application from malicious users, configuration is required in order to use external images. This ensures that only external images from your account can be served from the Next.js Image Optimization API. These external images can be configured with the `remotePatterns` property in your `next.config.js` file, as shown below:

```js
module.exports = {
  experimental: {
    images: {
      remotePatterns: [
        {
          protocol: 'https',
          hostname: 'example.com',

>           port: '',

Author: Its not required, but it will match every port if you omit the property which is probably not what the user wants

>           port: '',

Reviewer: Ah I see, makes sense

If no configuration is provided, the default below is used.

```js
module.exports = {
  images: {
    deviceSizes: [640, 750, 828, 1080, 1200, 1920, 2048, 3840],
  },
}
```

### Image Sizes

You can specify a list of image widths using the `images.imageSizes` property in your `next.config.js` file. These widths are concatenated with the array of [device sizes](#device-sizes) to form the full array of sizes used to generate image [srcset](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLImageElement/srcset)s.

The reason there are two separate lists is that imageSizes is only used for images which provide a [`sizes`](#sizes) prop, which indicates that the image is less than the full width of the screen. **Therefore, the sizes in imageSizes should all be smaller than the smallest size in deviceSizes.**

If no configuration is provided, the default below is used.

```js
module.exports = {
  images: {
    imageSizes: [16, 32, 48, 64, 96, 128, 256, 384],
  },
}
```

### Acceptable Formats

> The default [Image Optimization API](#loader) will automatically detect the browser's supported image formats via the request's `Accept` header.

Reviewer: Should we add a note here about ensuring if a CDN is in front of next's server the `Accept` header may need to be configured to be passed through since we've seen that pop-up a couple times?

Author: It might be best to do that in a different doc (I think we have Configuring for Production something like that)

Author: I was thinking [Going To Production](https://nextjs.org/docs/going-to-production) would be a better place to document this but now I realize that doc isn't really about self-hosting so I updated the image.md doc here.

See [dee6c63](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/pull/37927/commits/dee6c63d07f9dc422544ea8db4f0222c8c865674)
